Add meta description to some pages (#4534)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/capabilities/agentless-monitoring/agentless-configuration.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Learn more about the agentless monitoring configuration: integrity check BSD, integrity check Linux, generic diff, and pix config. Learn more here.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Learn how agentless monitoring can help you monitor systems with no agent via SSH, such as routers, firewalls, switches, and Linux/BSD systems.  
```
